hi guys the doctor came out
brand new video and today we are on the lille
smasher ok before starting though
I wanted to tell you not everyone knows that I have one
facebook page where I publish a lot
of stuff about the channel but not
only public photos from time to time but
I also write when the new ones come out
video very much other stuff is for that
that I wanted to advise you to follow me there
find the link right at the top of the
description also a little star
so maybe you can see a little more
ok said that and if you left a
nice I like it on the facebook page
we can start with this game of
today
then let's see what this is about
in a nutshell we are this gremlin the
game says call it a g ok i do n't know what
It goes well this place and
we must help him break the things of gods
museums what very logical well
let's start
here was a beautiful antique vase that
what was this sound don't tell me you have
this entry because if not, I won't help you
what should I do
ok there is this crazy purple also a
perfect laser beam that we broke
the low yes we also did the
maximum score so good a
this other perfect level though
we immediately removed everything
what is this ball now?
let's do something like that, yes no
needed a 300 kg ball to break
such a small bass is fine what it is
that cat
well then I would say to pull here perfect
Yup
nice notifications in the middle of a
video that you could n't go out for a moment
best stupa notifies you well what
we must do now ok
we always come on this ball is now a
eye another account this is not there
I knew perfect look how happy she is at
this poor gremlin after he destroys
everything
well then here we know we have to hit
perfect but i guess it wasn't there ok
let's shoot back what the fuck I had to do
on the contrary I had to shoot up first
this blue cost above then tack
below perfect and now the game is
done
ok you were there to take a taste a
to destroy these things I have to tell you
truth seems to complicate the now
business then works but then we have
another blow maybe I have to do so well
try again but what the fuck am I doing ie
it was enough to simply do a thing of the
gender
ok
what the fuck do we want to do well no
well I give up docciola I have to do is
a matter of pride in the ass but
how many balls this guy doesn't
they never end
then the fuck I took it well then
theoretically I should shoot here on the ground
by a lot he understood no ok we have
got all the stars yes though
we heard 7,000 pale oh well though
still we do not break this fucking escaped
those behind ok finally after years it
we broke
ok now it seems a little more difficult
if indeed it is to us that there was one
shit assumed this level
perfect let's proceed with the next
so throw the jingle a
piglet how nice you should have been
But break what the hell I have to do if
let's start but maybe I have to do
ok meanwhile we got the stars that is
it is not that there is much other alternative
leo necessarily I have to take it not
I jumped while flying if
theoretically right for me to do them
but perfect now fuck away gradually
by which we can do it in the meantime
we also take this star that is a
check
the boys a good sniper let's see some
what we can do now
by the gods by the perfect
what we absolutely concluded
nothing is well known to perhaps I must first
boat I rest case then ate a
scoop here that a law has sent
absolutely nothing I don't have the slightest
idea of ​​what to do if we're dealing with
I don't think so
ok maybe i understood i should be able to do
fall this species of them we see
good eye the casca falls helmet only that
now it's done you're all organic crack pot
some good fucking cabbage we represent
really too much taste or 6 guys would say
that for today the destruction can
end here I vented quite a bit
destroy all these things I remind you
to add me on facebook find the
link at the top of the description of the
I'll publish a lot of stuff
leave a nice thumb up if the
video I liked leave a comment
subscribe to the channel you will find tricks
guides that engage a lot more and we like
See you at the next video as usual